{\rtf1\ansi \deff4\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}{\f35\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\f4\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15 \f4\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext15 footnote text;}{\*\cs16 \additive\super \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}}{\info
{\author \'d1\'e0\'f8\'e0}{\creatim\yr1994\mo11\dy2\hr18\min5}{\version1}{\edmins4}{\nofpages0}{\nofwords0}{\nofchars0}{\vern49213}}\paperw11906\paperh16838 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\formshade \fet0\sectd 
\linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx709\endnhere {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \f4\fs20 {\cs16\f35\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super 
#} contents}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super $} Contents}}{\f35 Contents
\par 
\par }{\f35\uldb Tasks}{\v\f35 tasks}{\f35 
\par 
\par }{\f35\uldb Commands}{\v\f35 commands}{\f35 
\par 
\par \page }{\cs16\f35\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super #} tasks}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super $} Tasks}}{\f35 Tasks
\par 
\par }{\f35\uldb Setup directories}{\v\f35 dirs}{\f35 
\par }{\f35\uldb Open experiment}{\v\f35 open_exp}{\f35 
\par }{\f35\uldb Arrange channells' windows}{\v\f35 arng}{\f35 
\par }{\f35\uldb Cut channel}{\v\f35 cut}{\f35 
\par }{\f35\uldb Digitize}{\v\f35 digit}{\f35 
\par }{\f35\uldb Correct Zero}{\v\f35 czero}{\f35 
\par }{\f35\uldb Write changed file}{\v\f35 save}{\f35 
\par }{\f35\uldb Transfer picture to another applications}{\v\f35 picture}{\f35 
\par \page }{\cs16\f35\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super #} dirs}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super $} Directories}}{\f35 Setup Directories for DL experiments
\par 
\par When You try to open DL experiment for the first time or when specified directoried contains no valid data You will get }{\b\f35 Directories}{\f35  dialog. Fill in four deirectories: }{\b\f35 Main}{\f35 , }{\b\f35 Head}{\f35 , }{\b\f35 Data}{\f35  and }{
\b\f35 Calibration}{\f35 .
\par You can change those directories at any time by pressing }{\b\f35 Dirs}{\f35  button in }{\f35\uldb Open DL experiment}{\v\f35 open_exp}{\f35  dialog.
\par }{\b\f35 
\par Main directory}{\f35 . DXW makes this directory current while running. Picture and text files created by DXW are placed here. Default value - current directory.
\par }{\b\f35 
\par Head Directory, Calibration directory and Data directory }{\f35 - directories for correcponding files. If paths for this directories are relative, they are relative to }{\b\f35 Main directory}{\f35 .
\par 
\par Values entered in this dialog box are stored in section [Directories] in file [DXW.INI] in your WINDOWS directory.
\par 
\par When opening Krenz experiments You can choose any directory while selecting file. This directory will be stored in DXW.INI file.
\par 
\par \page }{\cs16\f35\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super #} open_exp}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super $} Open Experiment}}{\f35 Open DL experiment
\par 
\par To open experiment chose command }{\b\f35 Open DL experiment}{\f35  from menu }{\b\f35 File}{\f35  or press <Ctrl-O>.
\par 
\par Then select experiment from list. Experiments included in list are files from }{\b\f35 Head Directory}{\f35 . If there are no files in this directory of directory name is invalid then }{\b\f35 Directories}{\f35  dialog box is displayed. Use }{\f35\uldb 
Dirs}{\v\f35 dirs}{\f35  button to reselect placement of files.
\par When You press }{\b\f35 Info}{\f35  button or press <Alt-I> or double-click experiment. Box }{\i\f35 Info}{\f35  is filled with information about selected experiment.
\par \page }{\cs16\f35\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super #} arng}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super $} Windows}}{\f35 Manipulating windows
\par 
\par After opening an experiment all channels are opened as minimized windows. You may restore, maximize or minimize these windows by mouse or via control menu. You can not close channel windows, They are minim
ized instead. There are additional commands for manipulating them in menu }{\b\f35 Windows}{\f35 
. You may restore or minimize all windows. You may arrange restored windows in tiled or cascaded form. You may also close all channel windows and therefore close experiment.
\par \page }{\cs16\f35\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super #} cut}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super $} Cutting}}{\f35 Cutting
\par 
\par When you move mouse to handles at corners of cutting rectangle or middle of its edges mouse pointer changes to resize pointer. You may press left mouse button and drag corner or edge of rectangle to desired position. Then you sho
uld release mouse button. You may freely drag corner outside bounds of window.
\par  If you want to cancel cutting without changes, you may press <Esc>. Another way to cancel changes - command }{\f35\uldb Restore}{\v\f35 restore}{\f35   from menu }{\b\f35 Channel}{\f35 .}{\f35\uldb 
\par }{\f35 \page }{\cs16\f35\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super #} digit}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super $} Digitize}}{\f35 Digitize
\par 
\par Command }{\b\f35 Digitize}{\f35  opens additional pop-up }{\f35\uldb Digitize window}{\v\f35 digwin}{\f35 
 with information about current point in current channel. To set current point you may click in channel window, or move pointer by keyboard (<Left>,<Right>,<Home> and <End> keys are applicable).  <Esc> key hides the pointer.
\par Pressing <Enter> in channel window while pointer is displayed also opens digitize window.
\par To close digitize window select <Close> button in it, or select command }{\b\f35 Digitize}{\f35  again.\page }{\cs16\f35\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super #} digwin}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super $}
 Ddigitize Window}}{\f35 Digitise Window (see }{\f35\uldb Digitise}{\v\f35 digit}{\f35 )
\par 
\par Digitize window contains following information:
\par \tab }{\b\f35 Channel}{\f35   number 
\par \tab Current }{\b\f35 point}{\f35 
\par \tab }{\b\f35 Time}{\f35  corresponding to current point
\par \tab }{\b\f35 Value}{\f35  in current point
\par 
\par Digitize window also contains buttons:
\par }\pard \fi-709\li709 {\b\f35 Ok}{\f35 \tab this button moves pointer to point corresponding to values in }{\b\f35 Channel }{\f35 and }{\b\f35 Point}{\f35  or }{\b\f35 Time}{\f35 
 edit controls. If you select channel that is currently minimized, selected channel will be restored. Pointer will be set at point corresponding to }{\b\f35 Point}{\f35  or }{\b\f35 Time }{\f35 edit controls depending upon which is modified.
\par }{\b\f35 Cancel}{\f35 \tab this button closes }{\b\f35 Digitize Window}{\f35 .
\par }{\b\f35 Point1}{\f35  and }{\b\f35 Point2}{\f35  allows you set up 2 reference points in channel. Times and values for those points are displayed in }{\f35\uldb Table}{\v\f35 table}{\f35 .
\par }{\b\f35 Min}{\f35  and }{\b\f35 Max}{\f35  set pointer to minimum and maximum value in specified channel.
\par \page }{\cs16\f35\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super #} czero}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super $} Accept Zero}}{\f35 Accept Zero
\par }\pard {\f35 
\par Command }{\b\f35 Accept Zero}{\f35  changes zero level for channel according to value in current point (about setting pointer see }{\f35\uldb Digitize}{\v\f35 digit}{\f35 ).
\par New zero level is average value for points in close vicinity to pointer. \page }{\cs16\f35\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super #} save}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super $} Save}}{\f35 Save
\par 
\par Command }{\b\f35 Save}{\f35  from menu }{\b\f35 File}{\f35  writes experiment to its file. If more than one experiment is opened this command allows you to select name of resulting experiment.
\par This command writes only channels opened. So You can close some of them and thus delete from experiment. 
\par This command renames old version of files .IXC and .DAT to .BAK and .DBK correspondingly.\page }{\cs16\f35\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super #} restore}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super $} Restore}}{\f35 Restore

\par 
\par This command rereads channel form disk. All changes (zero level and cutting rectangle) are lost.\page }{\cs16\f35\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super #} picture}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super $} Picture Transfer}}{
\f35 Transferring pictures to another applications
\par 
\par Picture in channel window may be transferred to another application via }{\b\f35 Clipboard }{\f35 of }{\b\f35 File}{\f35 . Corresponding commands (}{\b\f35 To Clipboard}{\f35  and }{\b\f35 To File}{\f35 ) are in menu }{\b\f35 Channel}{\f35 
. Files will have extension }{\b\f35 .WMF}{\f35  \emdash  Windows Metafile.
\par You may also transfer data via }{\f35\uldb Write ASCII}{\v\f35 ASCII}{\f35  comand instead of picture and build picture in another  application.\page }{\cs16\f35\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super #} commands}${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s15 \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super $} Commands}}{\f35  Commands
\par 
\par File
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \li284 {\f35 Open experiment
\par }{\f35\uldb Open DL experiment}{\v\f35 open_exp}{\f35 
\par }{\f35\uldb Save}{\v\f35 save}{\f35 
\par Exit
\par }\pard {\f35 
\par Edit
\par 
\par }\pard \li284 {\f35\uldb To Clipboard}{\v\f35 picture}{\f35 
\par }{\f35\uldb To File}{\v\f35 picture}{\f35 
\par }{\f35\uldb To Printer}{\v\f35 picture}{\f35 
\par }\pard {\f35 
\par Channell
\par 
\par }\pard \li284 {\f35\ul Impulce}{\v\f35 imp}
\par {\f35\uldb Digitize}{\v\f35 digit}{\f35 
\par }{\f35\uldb Info}{\v\f35 info}{\f35 
\par }{\f35\uldb Read Info}{\v\f35 rinfo}{\f35 
\par }{\f35\uldb AcceptZero}{\v\f35 czero}{\f35 
\par }{\f35\uldb WriteASCII}{\v\f35 ASCII}{\f35 
\par }{\f35\uldb Restore}{\v\f35 restore}{\f35 
\par }\pard {\f35 
\par }{\f35\uldb 
\par 
\par Windows}{\v\f35 arng}{\f35 
\par 
\par Help\page }{\cs16\f35\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super #} imp}}{\f35 Toggles displaying or not displaying Impulse in channel window.
\par \page }{\cs16\f35\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super #} ASCII}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super $} Write ASCII}}{\f35 Write ASCII
\par 
\par This command writes channel data into text file (with extension }{\b\f35 .DAT}{\f35 ). File has three columns: time, pressure, impulse. Columns are separated by tabs.\page }{\cs16\f35\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super #} table}$
{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super $} Table}}{\f35 Table
\par 
\par This command writes text file with information about all channels in experiment. Information includes: number, radius, line, values for selected points (see }{\f35\uldb Digitize Window}{\v\f35 digwin}{\f35 ), impulses.
\par File has name of experiment and extension }{\b\f35 .TXT}{\f35 . After writing file }{\b\f35 Notepad}{\f35  immediately started to view this file.
\par \page }{\cs16\f35\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super #} info}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super $} Info}}{\f35 Info
\par 
\par This command toggles displaying }{\b\f35 Info}{\f35  dialog box.
\par 
\par This dialog box displays information about current channell. You can change gauge number, radius and line fields of this information.
\par 
\par You can also set this information via }{\f35\uldb Read Info}{\v\f35 rinfo}{\f35  command.
\par \page }{\cs16\f35\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super #} rinfo}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f4\fs20 {\cs16\super $} Read Info}}{\f35 Read Info
\par }}